README.md, before:

# _Shopping Site_

#### _Shipping site built with Ruby On Rails._

#### By _Dan Danilyuk_

## Description

_A website that lets a user shop._

## Improvements Made

1. _Create a new README._
2. _Change name of folder and Databases_
3. _Users are now able to add products to their shopping cart from the index page with AJAX. The item is be added to the shopping cart and the number of items in the cart (shown in the navbar) does update._
4. _Users are now able to click on a product and show/hide the product detail using AJAX. The product detail does include an image (using paperclip), the description, and any other fields you choose to add._
5. _Users are now able to remove items from the shopping cart without a page reload. The "delete" link results in the item being removed from the shopping cart and the total price being updated._


## Specs

1. _A admin should be able to view, add and remove posts._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

1. _Open terminal with git, rails, and brew installed._
2. _Navigate to desktop and Run git clone https://github.com/DanDanilyuk/went-to-bali-mwahaha __
2. _Run cd shopping_site_
2. _Run brew install imagemagick_
3. _Run bundle_
4. _Run rails s_
5. _Run rails db:create db:test:prepare_
6. _Run rails db:reset_
7. _Navigate to http://localhost:3000/ __
8. _Enjoy The Website_

## Known Bugs

_None_

## Future Functionality

1. _A working site._

## Support and contact details

_If you have any updates or suggestions please contact [Dan Danilyuk] or make a contribution to the repository._

[Dan Danilyuk]: mailto:dandanilyuk@gmail.com

### License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Dan Danilyuk

Commit message:

add additional features section and start features

README.md, after:

# _Shopping Site_

#### _Shipping site built with Ruby On Rails._

#### By _Dan Danilyuk_

## Description

_A website that lets a user shop._

## Improvements Made

### _AJAX_
1. _Create a new README._
2. _Change name of folder and Databases_
3. _Users are now able to add products to their shopping cart from the index page with AJAX. The item is be added to the shopping cart and the number of items in the cart (shown in the navbar) does update._
4. _Users are now able to click on a product and show/hide the product detail using AJAX. The product detail does include an image (using paperclip), the description, and any other fields you choose to add._
5. _Users are now able to remove items from the shopping cart without a page reload. The "delete" link results in the item being removed from the shopping cart and the total price being updated._

### _Additional Features_

1. _Ensure that users can't order a negative number of items._



## Specs

1. _A admin should be able to view, add and remove posts._

## Setup/Installation Requirements

1. _Open terminal with git, rails, and brew installed._
2. _Navigate to desktop and Run git clone https://github.com/DanDanilyuk/went-to-bali-mwahaha __
2. _Run cd shopping_site_
2. _Run brew install imagemagick_
3. _Run bundle_
4. _Run rails s_
5. _Run rails db:create db:test:prepare_
6. _Run rails db:reset_
7. _Navigate to http://localhost:3000/ __
8. _Enjoy The Website_

## Known Bugs

_None_

## Future Functionality

1. _A working site._

## Support and contact details

_If you have any updates or suggestions please contact [Dan Danilyuk] or make a contribution to the repository._

[Dan Danilyuk]: mailto:dandanilyuk@gmail.com

### License

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2017 Dan Danilyuk
